
 1. Executive Summary
Feasibility Analysis: Time Keeper -

A Time management application for IOS/Android built for a variety of users, focused on tracking progress over a set period of time.

Purpose: To determine whether the Time Keeper application is worth completing, based on our willingness to learn, 
time, resources, and skill. 

 2. Market Feasibility (Market Research)

Target audience: students, professionals, teams, freelancers

Market need: A quick time tracking app that can be used for progressing skills,
or tracking work hours, while also providing a calandar overview of time tracked. 

Competitive analysis: Overview of existing time management tools ( Todoist, Trello, Notion, Google Calendar).

Unique Selling Proposition (USP): Our application allows the user to use a 
stopwatch function to track smaller periods of time, compared to competitors.

 3. Economic/Financial Feasibility

Cost estimate: Free using, Flutter/Dart/Android etc.

Revenue model: Free, freemium, subscription, ads, one-time payment.

Break-even analysis: Whenever it is completed, since it is mostly going to be used on our resumes.

Return on Investment (ROI) projection: Potentially large 

Funding requirements: none

4. Technical Feasibility

Technology stack: Dart/Flutter, Android Studio, Web Hosting

Platform(s): Mobile (iOS/Android)

Integration requirements: Calendar APIs (Google, Outlook), task management tools?

Scalability: Can be easily scaled upwards or downwards depending on our workload. 

Security and privacy: Base requirement

 6. Operational Feasibility

Resource availability: We have four student members who should be able to complete this project. 

Organizational fit: As Students this aligns heavily with our time management goals when studying,
or tracking hours on freelance work. 

Support plan: Can provide a breif explainantion of install and post maintanence plan for users. 

 7. Schedule Feasibility

Development timeline: 14 weeks - Planning Phase, Analysis Phase, Design Phase, Implementation Phase, Deployment Phase
Given the scope of this project is not too heavy, as a group, we find 14 weeks plently of time to develope this application.

8. Risk Analysis

Technical risks: Integration failures, bugs, app store rejections, api issues. 

Market risks: Low user adoption, strong competition.

Financial risks: questionable ROI.

Mitigation strategies: Backup plans, pivots, phased rollouts.

 9. Conclusion & Recommendations

With Flutter and Dart we can deliver one codebase for both platforms, 
the tools are free, and the timeline is achievable. The ROI for this project
is given mostly as experience for our careers.
TimeKeeper is a feasible project for our capstone.
