Scope of Work (SOW) - Time Management Application : 
By : IT Monkeys
Project Leader - Suong Tran
Project Manager - Tobias Cash 
Team Member - Jesus Ramos
Team Member Issac Allen

1 . Project Overview
Project Name : Time Keeper
Team Members : Suong Tran, Tobias Cash, Isaac Allen, Jesus Allen
Objectives : Develope a time management application to help users organize tasks, and track produtivity
Platform : Android/IOS
Tech Stack : Flutter/ Dart/ SQLite

2. Goals and Deliverables
Primary Goal : Build a functioning Time Management Application
Application (with all requirements met)
Documentation : Complete with user-guide + technical guide
Testing reports
Deployment

3. Scope of Work
In Scope Features :
Time Management Interface to add Jobs [ edit, delete, categorize]
Provide Calander View for created Tasks
Productivity Tracking
Data Storage and Sync
Ui/UX design - responive design, easyly manageable tasks
Out of Scope :
AI - based scheduling
Monetization features
wearable or smart device integrations

4. Roles and Responsibilities
Frontend Development : Suong Tran, Jesus Ramos
Backend Development : Tobias Cash, Isaac Allen
Design : Isaac Allen, Jesus Ramos, Suong Tran
Server Deployment : Tobias Cash, Suong Tran
Testing & QA : Tobias Cash
Documentation : Isaac Allen, Jesus Ramos

5. Timeline
Week 1 -2 : (Analysis) Finish Gathering Client information, & identify Project Requirements, Reasearch existing commercial software packages & determine whather it is better for your client to buy and exisiting product or to contract our group to build one.
Week 3 -4 : (Analysis) Create Traditional Models that define the solution to the business problem. Event Table, ER Diagrams, DFDs & pseudocode for the DFD processes. (Design Desicions are still logical as opposed to physical. For ex, your group might know that you will need a database, but you will not yet have made the final decision on which commercial database to use.
Create UML Diagrams that are common in the IT industry, Use-case Diagrams, Domain class Diagram, System Sequence Diagram, Activity Diagram, Statechart Diagram
Week 5 - 6 : (Design) Logical models are updated with physical design decisions. Ex. The orginal Domain class Diagram will be updated to contain classes methods, attributes, and data types. Discuss UI design, and address security and networking considerations
Create the prototype, test the prototype with vital use cases to make sure system solves the business problem
Week 6 - 7 : (Implementation) Revise Protoype, Create a Test Plan, Create the Instalation Plan, Deliver Documentation, Identify Post-Installation Plan for Maintenance, Identify Support Plan
Create a Training Plan
Week 7 - 8 : (Testing ) Revise prototype based on feedback learned during testing, submit a document of logs (Project Testing Log File or Summary Assignment)
(Presentation) Prepare and deliver Final Project Presentation

6. Assumptions and Contraints
Team will use GitHub
Host on a local server
Deployment must be completed within 10 weeks

7. Sucess Criteria
Application allows user to create and manage tasks sucessfully
Runs reliably on intended platforms
Documentation is complete and understandable
